docs: dead link fixed in docs/CONTRIBUTING.md (#2747) (#2753)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

and then push your changes to the repository as a pull request.

If you need help getting started,

> feel free to ask for help on the `#help-contributing` or `#keptn-docs` channels on the [Keptn Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C017GAX90GM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feel free to ask for help on the `#keptn` or `#keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-dev` channels on the [CNCF Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C017GAX90GM).
```
